# asschess
Chess Buttplug App
Find the live project at asschess.com

In 2022 there was a major cheating scandal in the world of chess in which Magnus Carlsen (the best player in the world) accused an up and coming grandmaster named Hans Niemann of cheating against him in an over the board chess tournament. As fans speculated about how such a thing could be done, somebody jokingly suggested that Niemann used vibrating anal beads to receive move information. Since then many people have attempted to create this idea but all of the versions I found had some major problems, from unwieldy and dangerous hardware design, to poor encoding schemes, lack of engine integration, and more. I decided to try my hand at creating a system to cheat chess in this way and solve all of these problems. Asschess.com is a website that I made which can connect to hardware devices over bluetooth using the Buttplug.io framework. The program connects to a chess engine via the "engine" tab and then connects to your device or your phone's vibration motor using the "connections" tab. Moves can then be sent as binary vibrations to the device in which each code is encoded with "square square" algebraic notation. Each set of 3 bits corresponds to a row or column allowing users to decipher the code in real time doing a sort of "binary search" over the board as each bit comes through. Long buzzes are 1's and short buzzes are 0's. See the GIF animation if there is any confusion. I have done extensive testing of the program using the Lovense Hush 2.0 which is one of the many compatible devices.

This code will run in any modern browser via the index.html file.
If your browser supports Web Bluetooth (Chrome), you can connect any Buttplug.io enabled device straight out of the box by just using the "Connections" tab and "Search for Devices" button.
If your browser does not support Web Bluetooth (Safari, Firefox, etc), you will need to first download the Intiface Central App and connect your device using a server in the app.
